Constitution of the
Latino Firearms Association 


PREAMBLE
Ingrained within the inception of this union is our conviction to strive for egalitarianism. Our ethos emanates from the desire to bring about the blessings secured by our forefathers and thus pass down these blessings to our posterity. We declare this Constitution to be our axiom, and all who adhere to it are members of the Latino Firearms Association. 


ARTICLE I:        NAME 
The Official Name of this organization shall be the Latino Firearms Association, also referred to as the LFA.




“La Associacion Latinoamericana de Armas de Fuego”
“La Associacion Latinoamericana de Fusiles y Pistolas”
“La Associacion Latinoamericana de Rifles y Pistolas”
“La Associacion Latinoamericana de Armas”
“La Sociedad Latinoamericana de Armas”
“La Associacion Latina de Armas De Fuego”


ARTICLE II:        PURPOSE


The Latino Firearms Association shall conduct itself as to uphold its purposes as are hereby stated 
        
1. Education surrounding gun laws
2. Education surrounding firearms use 
3. Promoting the right to self preservation
4. Advocacy for the 2nd ammendment 
5. 

IDEAS






Tito:
1) instructional resources to teach about gun laws, weapon cleaning, hunting, proficiency and information regarding firearms. 
2. Network of ffl dealers to help secure firearms for members with ease while also informing them on thoughtful purchases. 
3. Network of CHl instructors who are bilingual and can give thoughtful chl training to group members. 
4. Classes to help teach members on how to safely use a firearm and become proficient at using it.
 5. Charity events that can help raise money for L1atino community relief 
6. Provide protection through the training of proficient & capable members.


Kevin
Purpose: Empowering the Latino community by providing knowledge on safe and responsible firearm ownership


Christian
Purpose of the LFA My view with regards to the LFA and the purpose of the organization is to educate the Latino community about their unalienable right to self defense. To provide proper training through courses in firearms handling, cleaning, and stress shooting. By providing these three classes we will be able to teach the basic function of their chosen firearm , operation, and able to fix and clear malfunctions. Firearm handling will allow people to understand the basics of marksmanship such as trigger squeeze, proper sight picture, and hand positioning. Stress shooting is an important part of classes as well, if we get the chance to provide CCW classes and the unfortunate event that someone would have to defend their livelihood with lethal force then they’d know how to keep calm, react, adn reduce the risk if such an event would occur. I’d also like this organization to be able to lobby for firearm right and pro 2A legislation, and hold shooting events like 3 gun competitions and other competitions. The purpose in this would be advertisement, advocacy, membership, and fun events that members can enjoy.






Christina
Education: understanding gun laws nationally/locally. Would be nice to have a bilingual lawyer join our group (Maybe put everything in a pamphlet?). 


Cleaning/troubleshooting:Some basic videos on cleaning/maintaining your firearms and how to check for any issues. Also state how to clear jams or other issues that may arise, since some people may be first timers. If we can’t get it in Spanish, at least have subtitles. Pamphlets are a good source of info too. CHL info 


Hunting/marksmanship: Training material and drill suggestions for hunting and marksmanship. Spanish text at minimum 


General purchasing: don’t just say a Glock and an AR lol. We need general info. Such as what is the most practical for what use. What are good intro guns. Guns to avoid. How to make sure you’re getting the right thing. 


Training: would like to eventually have a CHL class bilingual. Have range days. 


Ensuring our rights are not infringed upon through proper education. we teach people that guns are not the enemy, but a tool.




Raul
The education of firearms laws, safety, and use to the Latino community with the intent of promoting firearm ownership. Positioning for better legislation that benefits all; regardless of class, race, or wealth. Creating a framework to support those being unfairly oppressed by firearm laws.




Sabrina
My hope with the LFA is to not only share knowledge of guns but to show that is not just a weapon but a tool as well. My experience of discussions of guns with people who are anti-guns usually has little knowledge of guns and the laws. I believe the best way to get people to open their mind is through education, classes, breaking up the truth and lies of being a gun owner. I also love the idea of trying to get more women involved because I can honestly say I only know two women that are not only pro gun but that love to shoot in their spare time. I would love to see a rise of women gun owners in the next 10, 15, 20 years from now. I want other women to feel safe, know that they can be independent completely, and that they don't feel victimized to future confrontations that may occur. I don’t want women to think that guns are a male only interest, I want them to understand that being armed is important for everybody not just one group. We have and always will be important to keep as a right.



ARTICLE III: MISSION STATEMENT


“To Educate, Train, Empower and Protect the Latino Community” 


ARTICLE IV: IMAGE 
        




        


ARTICLE V: NATIONAL GOVERNANCE 
        


ARTICLE VI: STATE GOVERNANCE 
        


ARTICLE VIII: LOCAL GOVERNANCE 


ARTICLE V: MEMBERSHIP 
        

ARTICLE IX: FINANCIAL MODEL
        




        


ARTICLE IX: EXPANSION 


ARTICLE X: FINANCE 


ARTICLE X: AFFILIATION


ARTICLE XI: PROPERTY